Small text improvements (#31221)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/react_accessibility/index.md

Heading elements like our `<h2>` are not usually focusable. This isn't a problem — we can make any element programmatically focusable by adding the attribute [`tabindex="-1"`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex) to it. This means _only focusable with JavaScript_. You can't press <kbd>Tab</kbd> to focus on an element with a tabindex of `-1` the same way you could do with a [`<button>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button) or [`<a>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a) element (this can be done using `tabindex="0"`, but that's not appropriate in this case).

Let's add the `tabindex` attribute — written as `tabIndex` in JSX — to the heading above our list of tasks, along with our `listHeadingRef`:

```jsx
<h2 id="list-heading" tabIndex="-1" ref={listHeadingRef}>
  {headingText}
</h2>
```

> > **Note:** The `tabindex` attribute is great for accessibility edge cases, but you should take **great care** to not overuse it. Only apply a `tabindex` to an element when you're absolutely sure that making it focusable will benefit your user in some way. In most cases, you should be utilizing elements that can naturally take focus, such as buttons, anchors, and inputs. Irresponsible usage of `tabindex` could have a profoundly negative impact on keyboard and screenreader users!

Reviewer: You used screen reader with 2 words at the top, so let's be coherent.
```suggestion
> **Note:** The `tabindex` attribute is excellent for accessibility edge cases, but you should take **great care** not to overuse it. Only apply a `tabindex` to an element when you're sure that making it focusable will benefit your user somehow. In most cases, you should utilize elements that can naturally take focus, such as buttons, anchors, and inputs. Irresponsible usage of `tabindex` could have a profoundly negative impact on keyboard and screen reader users!
```
